[Music]
the first thing i did this morning was
make a timetable i wanted to have a
really productive study day today i had
a lot of things to get done
because i have quite a few deadlines
next week so
i thought this was the most efficient
way to actually use my time
so the first thing i was doing was
reading the rest of the english more
which is the play that we were reading
this week
for theatricals so i read act one
yesterday but there are five acts in the
play and i think act one was probably
the shortest
this was the main thing i needed to do
this morning and this took me just under
two hours i did this from 10 to
11 45.
[Music]
then i moved on to doing some critical
reading so i read two critical essays
every week for theatricals and
i actually had a 55 page article to read
this time i mean i really like doing
critical reading but also 55 pages is a
lot
i annotated this on my ipad in total i
was
reading articles from 11 45 to 12 30.
[Music]
so during my lunch break i actually had
to call my bank because there was a
problem with my account thankfully this
didn't take
very long because it was an urgent
inquiry which meant that they bumped me
to the top of the queue
who's it
next i moved on to doing my portfolio
task so 40
of our grade for theatricals is
portfolio and
this week we had to choose from three
extracts and write
a critical in-depth analysis of one of
the scenes
so here i annotated the scene on my ipad
i wrote up an essay plan and then i
actually
wrote up the 500 word
[Music]
so
this didn't actually take me that long i
was doing this from
120 to 350 and as you can see by the
time i finished it was pretty dark
so next because i'm doing nanowrimo i
wrote some of my book
i have not been doing nanowrimo properly
i have not managed to write 1 600 words
every day
today i just wrote 500 words and i did
this
from 350 to 420
so next i went downstairs to cut down my
essays i just printed them out and then
went through and cut through things
um i did this for both my empire of
liberty summative assessment and also
the portfolio task i just wrote
and i was just studying with my sister
at this time i was working on this essay
from 4
20 to 6 50.
[Music]
so
i quickly applied some of the research
i'd done for
a presentation like just put it all in
this document and
then i spent some time stressing over
the fact that i couldn't get hold of the
book that we needed to read
for empire of liberty next week
i buy all of my books on kindle and
annotate and read them on there just
because i find it easier but
the book we had to read isn't available
on kindle and so i'm trying to find a
way to
read the book in time because if i
ordered it it wouldn't arrive in time so
i was kind of stressing about that i
managed to find a solution
in the end i was dressing about this
book from 7 25 to 7 55
at 8 o'clock i had a call rachel
is from my management 16th is very sadly
leaving
and so we did a kind of leaving drinks
virtual
call with nine of us and it was so so
wonderful to catch up i really enjoyed
it
and i was on this call from eight
o'clock to 11 o'clock
so now we are moving on to sunday sunday
i do not
tend to do a lot of work i like to put
sunday afternoons
aside from work um and i don't let
myself study
[Music]
so first thing i did was schedule a live
study with me because i wanted to do a
live study with me this morning
and then i moved on to working on that
dickinson essay again
so i did some extra research i
pre-read it cut it down i just worked on
that
a quick way
and i was doing that from 9 50 till
11 o'clock
[Music]
then i went through my portfolio task
again and i did
extra bits of research i needed to do i
worked on the portfolio task from 11
o'clock to 12 o'clock
and then i actually submitted it which i
was very happy about
definitely took a weight off my
shoulders and that's all of the work
that i did this weekend
i managed to tick off some really big
things that i've been meaning to take
off
here's the timetable sheet of everything
i did thank you for watching and i hope
that you have a productive week
you